DBZ-8069 Add docs on override data change topic prefix config (#5698)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/vitess.adoc

|`io.debezium.schema.SchemaTopicNamingStrategy`
|The name of the TopicNamingStrategy class that should be used to determine the topic name for data change, schema change, transaction, heartbeat event etc., defaults to `SchemaTopicNamingStrategy`.

|[[vitess-property-override-data-change-topic-prefix]]<<vitess-property-override-data-change-topic-prefix, `override.data.change.topic.prefix`>>
|No default

> |If the topic naming strategy `io.debezium.connector.vitess.TableTopicNamingStrategy` is used, this property is used in place of `topic.prefix` to create the data change topic name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the prefix that the connector uses to create the names of data change topics when xref:vitess-property-topic-naming-strategy[topic.naming.strategy] is set to `io.debezium.connector.vitess.TableTopicNamingStrategy`.
The connector uses the value of this property instead of the specified xref:vitess-property-topic-prefix[`topic.prefix`]. 

```
